✨ Add support for `size` onto `sparseArray` (#2690)
dubzzz/fast-check: documentation/Arbitraries.md

*&#8195;with:*

- `arb` — _arbitrary instance responsible to generate values_
- `minNumElements?` — default: `0` — _minimal number of elements (included)_
- `maxNumElements?` — default: `0x7fffffff` [more](#size-explained) — _maximal number of elements (included) - when not specified, the algorithm generating random values will consider it equal to `maxGeneratedLengthFromSizeForArbitrary(minNumElements, size)` but the shrinking one will use `0x7fffffff`_
- `maxLength?` — default: `0x7fffffff` [more](#size-explained) — _maximal length (included) - length includes elements but also holes for sparse arrays - when not specified, the algorithm generating random values will consider it equal to `maxGeneratedLengthFromSizeForArbitrary(maxNumElements used by generate, size)` but the shrinking one will use `0x7fffffff`_
- `size?` — default: `undefined` [more](#size-explained) — _how large should the generated values be?_
- `noTrailingHole?` — default: `false` — _when enabled, all generated arrays will either be the empty array or end by a non-hole_

*&#8195;Usages*

```js
fc.sparseArray(fc.nat(), {maxLength: 20})
// Examples of generated values:

> // • [1047878745,,,925226031,,,1689947645,2059308984,1693807166,,,,,1586792878,,,213337405]

Author: No change expected! Or at least changes need to be confirmed first!

// • [273021873,,,,,,,,,1700974328,,1016859405,1953708154,,1993296911,,1530566650,,,,,651418517,,187425710,783209689,,,,2043763242]
// • [,,,,,,,,,,,661680466,,227120261,,,,,,,,,,,1637939285]
// • …

fc.sparseArray(fc.nat(), {size: '+1'})

> // Note: By specifying a size higher than the currently configured one, I'm asking for larger arrays in terms of number of

Author: ```suggestion
// Note: By specifying a size higher than the currently configured one, we ask for larger arrays in terms of number of
```
